[16.0][MIG] sale_report_delivered_subtotal: Migration to version 16.0 (#219)
OCA/sale-reporting: sale_report_delivered_subtotal/README.rst

    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--reporting-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-reporting/tree/16.0/sale_report_delivered_subtotal
    :alt: OCA/sale-reporting
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-reporting-16-0/sale-reporting-16-0-sale_report_delivered_subtotal
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/webui/builds.html?repo=OCA/sale-reporting&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Adds subtotal price based on the delivered quantities field to the
*Sales Report*.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

> Go to *Sales > Reporting > Sales* and you'll find *Subtotal Delivered* and *Gross Weight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to *Sales > Reporting* and you'll find *Untaxed Total Delivered* and *Gross Weight
```

Author: Done, thanks for the review

Reviewer 2: @Yadier-Tecnativa this change should be put on the `readme` folder, not here.

Reviewer 3: Please @Yadier-Tecnativa Can you attend the comment

Author: Done in readme folder
